[Music]
let's get down to business let's get down to business if I have to
find something to put there in the
background but okay It's that I put
YouTube there and I put whatever But well it's
been the only time that it
's happened let's wait because maybe it won't happen again if it becomes something very common if it becomes something anyway the copyright that I had skipped let's go the one that has right now only affects me in the monetization okay because it only appears blocked in the United States and
Teresa's audience for SEO is not from the
United States okay but what am I
telling you I mean what am I telling you if it
becomes something common I'll try to
put [ __ ] it's that I liked the thing
of putting old cartoons the
truth is it's very strange that they have the
drawings registered on YouTube eh At
that level at that level but look man
but look eh And what do I put man I mean well we have to
put something else that isn't
this that aren't known drawings well what a
pain in the ass what a pain the truth is what I
did here was put YouTube and [ __ ] the
money  pate you who are
posting the lunis you have not jumped to anything
but well we will put images of Japan
for example I know the truth is that I
liked to put old cartoons
of those that I like So classic
Well let's see what Juan said that
apparently he was to defend cay cay
song cay I'm
sorry about cray about Cry releasing
music now what the hell is what man I mean
With all due respect to cay that I
get along with him okay but the thing about cay
releasing music now is because the
moment they get
repercussion they start releasing songs I don't
understand it It seems to me like when the
contestants of big brother and such
released video clips they started releasing
video clips whatever happens with
Universal cartoons it happened to bizarr with
Sponge but look at you that to me uh that to
me too ah you know what I could have
done but it happens that it is very
entertaining luar but another option to
not have to cut anything would have been
blur rear maybe the little square of the
TV blur rear it  with the
YouTube editor the little box of the TV in those
four points but my goodness there's a lot of
fuss that's not Yeah well look at you well
look at you Well it can't be done in one
V you see the minutes you see the minutes and you
put the blur But well
the cuts are already being processed that made bis rap
of course with that we would remove it do you want
me to release a song or what but
this s I don't know I don't know maybe he
knows how to sing But I imagine that this
will be the typical thing done with autotunes of
these things there aren't many titoker now who are
suddenly becoming
singers because they take advantage of the numbers they
have to release songs I don't
understand it's like Ricky edy Agustín
51 which is like well well let's see you
're not hurting anyone either no no
nothing's wrong but I don't know it doesn't seem to me
like what happened with Big Brother when they came out of
Big Brother and they started recording a
video clip guy eh there was a video clip what was
this girl's name Laura Campos Yeah yeah
girl but but What was the video clip
video clip released a  music video but I don't
remember anymore for example I liked this one eh
that I don't know if it's going to have copyright but I
liked this one I'm not putting it because I don't know if it has
copyright I don't know if it has copyright it
already has 12 million
views eh I liked this one I liked this one
but it's that this kid sang well
You know it seems to me that this one it seems to me that this one
made a music video too or was it this
one I don't remember maybe it was this one
that made the music video But you know It seems to
me like something
[Music]
like that I never gave you flowers anyway your love
flourished my bad my bad you confused this
with a
relationship it could be a song aimed at
feeding the ship Between him and Jerry your bad I
feel like that
and s I couldn't no [ __ ] I mean it sounds awesome let's
see it's also the trick of
singing in a whisper to make it sound nice
that's how ratio was recorded when when I
started singing r Jaime at the time they
told me Do it like you're lazy
take the radio like everything sounds
awesome like that but it's good I mean it sounds
good what's weird is obviously
knowing that this is ours cay you know that's what  it's
funny because i didn't know
that cay had a musical dream but well
no he has never mentioned it Nor have we
ever seen him with a guitar
Like for example not me and I drink
even the
alia I can't sing now because I'm
with comoen but of course if I suddenly
maybe a song well obviously you
expect it because you know that I am a
musical genius it doesn't sound bad you can tell
that it is well produced because he doesn't have a
bad voice No it's not a voice that
screams at you like some people
suddenly and screws up the audio all this
was real Let's see friends, listening to it
is that it doesn't sound bad it doesn't sound bad
definitely I think that the reaction
of you as a Twitch community and
more than one community that has
shared moments with Cry because I have
shared very good moments with Cry
live, I think that the reaction
that you generate is the shock of
how cay has changed in a public way from
what Cry was on his social networks
before to what he is now from what cay
did before to what he does now, I think that is what
you generate
So to speak, like  an immediate rejection chip
and let's see even for
anyone who knows him a little it
can also produce that but it doesn't sound
strange it doesn't sound strange to me for example there is
a girl and Marluca I met her because of
some gossip with him with Ninda Rechi
who was her ex no and this girl comes from
Tito she is singing songs that I
imagine that the roll will be the same no I mean they
are songs that maybe
I don't know I don't know if she composes them or they will have them made for her
no and they sing them and they fix them they
retouch them and so on and she is even doing
concerts but they are songs that sound
better some of them Okay and in fact I even
have it in the car okay mm I haven't
heard this one this one for example I do have it
in the car this one with Kenia I have it
in the car for example and you listen to it they
are songs that well you listen to them you
know eh they are there they sound good you know you don't
know about you don't know what but this one For
example I wouldn't put it on the I would put
the Comanche song before that I I
what I truly hope for and and I say it
truly with all my heart and the
best is that in  true is that he is being
happy with that that all he is
doing lately that every
participation collaboration that he is
doing or in every project that he is
getting involved in is making him happy and that he is not
basically being guided by
someone to do things that he does not
feel comfortable with that is the only thing that I
hope I mean yes to me
these new facets of him may seem strange but the
truth is that what I do hope is that
he is truly being happy with all of that
and that they are things that excite him
that make him feel fulfilled happy
that he is fulfilling his dreams because I
think that is what is important now if
he is being forced in a certain
way to do this and the people who
are taking him recommending him put him
in these projects and he does not feel
comfortable that is when I think that there is a
problem because it is not worth it but I do not know
or I mean I do not know the answer to is you know
then truly with all my heart I
hope that he is being very happy in
this that it is really making him feel in a
very good way because on an
economic level and in terms of repercussions we know that it
is working but if you are not
calm if you are not happy and proud
of each thing that  you do It will never be
worth it economically We have already
talked about it many times, he has lined his pockets in a
eh beastly way, I mean But beastly it's
worth it I think he has his life
sorted I don't know what I'm telling you, I don't know what
Juan Nilson is really thinking
because I think he's putting
a little makeup on it I think that
Juan really maybe isn't
liking this that much I don't know the
truth But you deserve everything and nothing in
half that's why there can't be
friendship here I want your peace of mind he sees you
confused looking for a way out love of
fantasies like the wound
can I just realized that llest from
Squidward They can throw me on live
if I show the carce dines Ah they won't
get to see each other don't listen to me eh I don't know what to
tell you the truth is that well everyone does what they
want it's not hurting
anyone I don't know what you're
giving me a lot It's that you know
what's happening that the
girl we saw the other time comes to mind what was her
name I think on Instagram I put it
in one of these
Instagram news I think I put it  girl is
doing the concert do you remember that
everyone laughed at her at that
concert like clear one thing you know what they
prepare for you and that you do let's see if I can
find it Look if you're going to be able to get
to the end of the video but I'll
put it for you I know it's I come out in a dream
your account is called Instagram I
admire you because it's a normal account you hate me
But you're a fan you hate me But you're
a fan Che that moves like flan you
're not a dog that Taco wasn't even that big
that Taco wasn't even that big I had
no idea who this girl was
apparently her name is And then Imagine that you're
going to put Cray to sing on a
stage with this well I don't see it I don't
see it the
truth I don't know if I see it
[Music]
truth Mario baua some [ __ ] but Marí
Bautista 2014
like that anyway I think Juan He's
laughing a little inside he's saying
this no this
no Oh
[Music]